Integrate strimzi-kafka-oauth 0.8.0 (#5074)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/oauth/proc-oauth-authentication-broker-config.adoc

    enablePlain: true <8>
    tokenEndpointUri: __https://OAUTH-SERVER-ADDRESS/auth/realms/external/protocol/openid-connect/token__ <9>
    customClaimCheck: "@.custom == 'custom-value'" <10>

>     clientAudience: __audience__ <11>
>     clientScope: __scope__ <12>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    clientAudience: __AUDIENCE__ <11>
    clientScope: __SCOPE__ <12>
```

<8> Set this to `true` to enable the PLAIN mechanism on the listener, which is supported by all clients on all platforms. The Kafka client has to enable the PLAIN mechanism and set the `username` and the `password`. This mechanism can be used to authenticate either by using the OAuth access token, or by using the OAuth client id and secret (client credentials). If the client sets `password` to start with the string `$accessToken:`, the password is interpreted as the access token on the server, and `username` as the account username, otherwise the user is interpreted as the client id, and password as the client secret. Default is `false`.
<9> This has to be set to support the client credentials authentication when `enablePlain` is set to true, as described in previous point.
<10> Additional custom rules can be imposed on the JWT access token during validation by setting this to a JsonPath filter query. If the access token does not contain the necessary data, it is rejected. When using the `introspectionEndpointUri`, the custom check is applied to the introspection endpoint response JSON.

> <11> An `audience` parameter passed to the token endpoint when obtaining an access token for inter-broker authentiction or in the name of the client during `OAuth over PLAIN` with `clientId` and `secret`. This only affects the ability to obtain the token, and the content of the token, depending on the authorization server. It does not affect token validation rules by the listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<11> An `audience` parameter passed to the token endpoint when obtaining an access token for inter-broker authentiction or in the name of the client for OAuth 2.0 over PLAIN authentication with a `clientId` and `secret`. This only affects the ability to obtain the token, and the content of the token, depending on the authorization server. It does not affect token validation rules by the listener.
```

> <12> A `scope` parameter passed to the token endpoint when obtaining an access token for inter-broker authentication or in the name of the client during `OAuth over PLAIN` with `clientId` and `secret`. This only affects the ability to obtain the token, and the content of the token, depending on the authorization server. It does not affect token validation rules by the listener.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<12> A `scope` parameter passed to the token endpoint. A _scope_ is used when obtaining an access token for inter-broker authentication. It is also used in the name of a client for OAuth 2.0 over PLAIN client authentication using a `clientId` and `secret`. This only affects the ability to obtain the token, and the content of the token, depending on the authorization server. It does not affect token validation rules by the listener.
```
